Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Let's go down.
(SIREN WAILING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
You got some out. How many left?
Three out, eight left.
Edgar's still the man?
AGENT: Edgar's the man.
Edgar, I want to thank you
for letting these people go.
Send out the others,
and we can come to a peaceful resolution.
Get this straight. I don't trust you or
any agent of your occupation government.
Listen to me one more time.
I have an order from
the Citizens' Court of South Dakota
to seize the ill-gotten assets of this bank.
Move your people away from here
or these bloodsuckers will burn in hell!
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
They're gettin' ready to come in.
Let them come.
(PHONE RINGING)
— (SOBBING) I have to go home.
— MAN: Get down!
Please, let me go home.
— Get the fuck down!
— I just need to go home.
When he says «get down, " just do it!
(RINGING CONTINUES)
Damn!
I sure don't feel good.
You said we were gonna be in and out
of here before anybody knew what hit 'em.
You said they were gonna back down.
(RINGING CONTINUES)
They ain't backin' down, Edgar.
They got an army out there.
They're gonna come in here
and shoot all of us.
God just wants his miracle to be greater.
God doesn't want your boys
to get killed, Edgar!
(RINGING CONTINUES)
We need more time, you sons of bitches!
You ain't in charge here. So shut up!
They cut us off.
— MAN: We gotta go in.
— We have a man in there.
He wants more time.
Right. Undercover agent who isn't supposed
to be there in the first place.
— We're goin' in.
— Let me try 'em on the bullhorn.
— If they come back to me…
— You've got three minutes.
This is Agent Blackwell, Edgar.
I need you to pick up the telephone.
I need to talk with you.
We can still walk out of here, you know?
You just gotta stand up to him.
Just tell him
you wanna go home. Can you do it?
BLACKWELL: Edgar, please pick up
the phone. We can still work this out.
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
BLACKWELL: Edgar, please pick up
the phone. We were doing well before.
Sir?
Peter's right.
It's not like you said it was going to be.
I wanna go home.
Edgar, the boy's right.
Traitor.
— Daddy.
— Shut up, Isaac.
— Let me call 'em on the telephone.
— MAN: We don't need him.
— ART: We can still walk out of here.
— Do it, Edgar!
For your boys, do it!
(EXPLODING)
Get down! Get down!
MAN: FBI! Get on the ground.
Go, go, go!
Daddy!
— Stay down!
— Don't move.
Don't move, goddamn it!
ART: I'm FBI. FBI! Get off me, asshole!
Tell your men to hold their fire.
JAMES: Peter.
Peter.
James?
James, keep your head down! Where are you?
— Peter!
— No! No! No!
Hold your fire!
No! No!
Damn it!
Goddamn it!
AGENT: He's down! He's down!
Get a med tech in here!
Get a med tech in here, goddamn it!
Don't talk. Don't talk.
Come on now, goddamn it!
Get a med tech in here!
He's dead.
Who said «go»?
Who's the SAC?
Hartley.
(SIREN WAILING)
Hartley!
Special Agent Hartley!
Hartley! Did you hear me ask for more time?
— Get your hands off me.
— Did you?
Did you hear me ask for more time?
— You're out of line, Jeffries.
— I'm out of line? I'm out of line?
Did I just massacre five fuckin' people?
Huh? Did I?
Three seconds, Hartley,
I was gonna walk 'em all out alive.
Massacre.
They were just kids.
Just kids.
I report to Washington
just like you do, Jeffries.
(GROANING)
(PANTING)
(SPITS)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
(BELL TOLLING)
(CHATTERING)
Right on Western.
Left on Belmont.
— Hey, Simon, I have a surprise for you.
— Right on Halsted.
Left on Fullerton.
You're giving
some pretty good directions there.
Look. I have something very, very special.
You like these puzzles, don't ya?
Uh-huh. Okay, but not yet, Simon.
If I give you the puzzle book,
I want you to join in
with the rest of the class, okay?
That's great.
It's time to join the group now, okay?
TEACHER: Good morning, Simon.
(MUMBLING) Good morning, teacher.
Look at me.
Good morning, teacher.
(CHATTERING)
How are you?
Well, another day at the office.
You ready?
Yeah.
All right, let's talk about it.
Agent Jeffries here to see you, Chief.
(DOOR CLOSING)
The psychologist wrote «delusional paranoia»
in capital letters across
the bottom of your file.
So, am I fired?
No, you're not fired.
But I can't put you undercover anymore.
That's over.
What do they expect me to do?
To do your job.
I work undercover. That's my job.
You have a new job now.
And what is that?
Sitting on a wire, stakeouts, log tapes.
A little public relations.
Fourteen years on the job,
and that's all it means?
I've gotta sit on a wire with some rookie
listening to a housewife order groceries?
— All you had to do was keep your mouth shut.
— All I did was tell the truth.
Act like you belong on the same team
— as the rest of us.
— What team?
That bunch of suits sitting behind a desk
trying to justify their existence?
— Like me. Is that what you're saying?
— I don't know, Joe.
Why didn't you say one thing to back me up?
— Because you were wrong!
— I wasn't wrong!
You were dead wrong.
They killed two teenage kids in cold blood,
and you know it.
They were goddamn bank robbers,
for Christ's sake!
They were kids.
TOMMY: Hey, will you forget
about South Dakota?
Forget who's right and who's wrong.
This is one of the best undercover guys
we've ever had.
How could I forget that?
Sit down, Art.
Sometimes you got somethin'.
It's magic.
Then it goes away.
You had it.
But the magic's gone.
They told you to break my balls
and see if you could get me to quit.
I'm not gonna make it easy for you.
You want me to sit on a wire, I'll do it.
You want me to chase file applicants,
I'll do that.
Take your best shot.
Check your mailbox
for your new assignments.
(HORN HONKING)
(CHILDREN CHATTERING)
Hey, Simon, we're here.
Mommy, Simon is home.
Look at me.
Hi, Mom.
Hi, honey. I missed you.
Come on inside.
(CHILDREN CHATTERING)
JENNY: Be careful.
It's very hot.
Sip it slowly.
Daddy'll be home soon.
And when you finish that,
you can wait for him up in your room.
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
MAN ON RECORDING: Congratulations.
You've reached the Puzzle Center.
For solving one of our master puzzles,
you've won a two year subscription
to the magazine of your choice.
Can I please have your name, address
and telephone number?
You are a stranger.
Excuse me. This is the Puzzle Center.
Where did you get this number?
SIMON: Puzzle nine-nine.
What did you just say? Who is this?
JENNY: Simon, put down the phone.
Simon, Simon, wait a second.
Please don't hang
(DIAL TONE HUMMING)
up.
LEO: Come on, come on.
Figures.
See if they correlate.
If they don't, you may have lost some bytes
in the transfer, lost a keyword.
You won't be able to detractionate. Yeah?
Are you scrambled?
— Give me a break, Leo. I'm busy.
— It's Mercury, Dean.
Somebody just walked on water.
You have to get up here now.
LEO ON RECORDING: What did you just say?
SIMON: You are a stranger.
LEO: Who is this?
JENNY: Simon, put down the phone.
LEO: Simon, Simon,
wait a second. Please don't hang…
Who is that?
Listen to the timbre of his voice.
It's a child.
That had to be his mother.
Right. It's just some rug rat
drooling over the phone, punching numbers,
like a random thing, huh?
We're not that lucky.
— We have to call Kudrow.
— What? Dean, what?
No, no, no. We don't have to call anybody.
All we gotta do is an analysis,
and give him a report when he gets back.
That's it!
Do you understand what just happened?
We have to call him now
or he's gonna say we tried to hide it.
— Morning, sir.
— Good morning, Marine.
I've got an urgent message
for Lieutenant Colonel Kudrow.
KUDROW: Mercury is already operational
in most of our com centers,
and I'm here to confirm everything
you've already heard.
Mercury is a quantum leap
in our communications security.
And once we complete its installation
in all of our com centers,
it's going to be very hard for our adversaries.
And our allies.
(MEN LAUGHING)
And our allies
to compromise our communications.
(WHISPERING)
An urgent message for you, sir.
If you'll excuse me,
Mr. Johnson will continue the briefing.
All right, gentlemen.
Impossible.
(JENNY SNIFFING)
You're late.
I wasn't when I started.
Traffic was like mud.
I oozed home.
(JENNY LAUGHING)
I told Simon he could wait up for you.
Simon, my man.
I wonder where Simon is.
Time for bed, Simon.
Send in Pedranski and Crandell, please.
WOMAN ON INTERCOM: Yes, sir.
EMILY: Who needs a fix?
Double tall, double dark, double sweet.
Double everything.
I'm so glad I missed the whole drug thing
so my body was virgin territory for caffeine.
It makes me feel so Ricki Lake,
like I can talk to anybody.
What can I say? I'm the java queen.
What's wrong?
Kudrow wants to see me.
Cool! Maybe you'll get your own section.
No. I, uh, I screwed up.
Well, just go in there
and throw him a Bart Simpson.
(IN BART SIMPSON'S VOICE)
Kudrow, dude, chill out.
It was that way when I got there.
D'oh!
Puzzle line?
Puzzle line.
Now, I've traveled 10, 000 miles
in the past 24 hours,
so I've had a lot of time to reflect on this.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but I believe neither one of you
has ever said the words «puzzle line» to me.
Before Mercury went operational,
we ran a standard validation protocol.
The works.
Double sets of paired Cray supercomputers,
freaking velociraptor machines
chewing at Mercury 24 hours a day.
Mercury came out unbent.
Awesome, sir.
It was finally a code that couldn't be broken.
But there was one last thing to check out.
The geek factor.
DEAN: Human beings
will fool you sometimes.
We thought it important…
We slipped a message
at the back of a puzzle magazine,
in one of those egghead word games.
We dared amateurs to crack it.
— We were sure nobody would ever call.
— But somebody did.
His name is Simon Lynch.
He lives in Chicago. He is nine years old.
And he has deciphered a message
written in the most sophisticated code
the world has ever known
in a geek's puzzle magazine.
I don't recall ever authorizing
anyone to put any message
into any magazine!
That couldn't just happen.
A kid couldn't just pop it open.
Not only is he nine years old,
he is handicapped. He is autistic.
Yes, that explains it.
So our $2 billion code is an open book
to people of diminished capacity?
No, sir.
Autism isn't synonymous
with diminished capacity.
Autistic people are… They're shut off.
But it's not unusual
for an autistic person to be a savant.
Oh, a savant!
He may not be able to
actually decipher the code.
— It might just appear to him.
— Right. He didn't calculate anything.
He just saw it.
Like those stupid pictures at the mall.
You stare at them. All of a sudden
you're looking at the Statue of Liberty.
DEAN: Exactly.
This is not a stupid picture at the mall.
This is national security.
Looking at the best case scenario,
let's suppose the boy is unique
and he doesn't understand
what he's just done.
Does that solve my problem?
Answer: No!
Analysis:
All we need now is for someone else
who understands his capability
to come along,
and my problems are increased exponentially.
Then maybe we should talk to the kid.
— And…
— No.
No. No.
There must be nothing
that connects the boy to this office.
Nothing.
Am I clear?
Yes, sir.
I want you to erase the tape.
Am I clear?
Yes, sir.
(DOORBELL RINGING)
— JENNY: Honey, will you get that?
— Yeah, I got it.
— Martin Lynch?
— Yeah.
Detective Burrell, Chicago police.
Sorry to bother you. Can I ask you
a few questions? It's very important.
I got your address from Simon's school.
Something wrong?
PETER: If I drag this out,
it's only gonna make things worse.
One of the other parents
has made accusations
against Simon's driver of a sexual nature.
Oh, my God.
Well, they're only allegations at this point.
If I could step inside and speak with you.
Sure.
It won't take more than a moment.
I don't want to upset you.
Well, you've already upset us.
PETER: I'm sorry about that.
Would you like
a cup of coffee or something?
Yeah. Yeah, that'd be real nice.
(GROANS)
(GASPS)
(CLINKING)
OPERATOR: 911. Emergency operator 562.
911. Emergency operator 562.
What are you reporting?
I have your location on my screen.
Can you tell me what you're reporting?
(SIRENS WAILING)
(GUN FIRES)
Anything while I was gone, Art?
Yeah, I think we got a big break in this case.
What?
The Attorney General herself
just called in 25 dimes on the Cubs.
What do you think?
(PHONE RINGING)
BOOKMAKER ON RECORDER: Yeah?
MAN: This is 13. Cubs ten times.
BOOKMAKER: Got it.
Dumb bet, 13.
Cubs are in a slump.
Would you mind if I told you
something personal?
Yeah, I would, Roger.
I really would.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Excuse me.
Yeah?
Art, for you.
TOMMY: We're sending someone to spell you.
We've got another assignment for you.
Lomax got another matter of national security
for me?
He wants you to check
into a possible missing child, 2-1 precinct.
Chicago PD retains jurisdiction.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(MAN CHATTERING ON POLICE RADIO)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
DETECTIVE: Yeah. Lacerations.
Nichols.
You still alive?
Still here, Art.
How are ya?
All right.
What is this?
It's supposed to be a missing kid.
It is.
These are the parents.
Looks like a murder-suicide.
So where's the kid?
Missing, remember?
What are you doin' here?
Somebody called the FBI
and they sent me. Go figure.
No, I meant, what are you doin' here?
Workin' my way to the bottom, Jack,
just like you.
The kid's name is Simon.
Neighbors say he's retarded.
Guys who kill their families kill all of 'em.
Maybe he did the kid somewhere else.
Didn't want Mom to see.
Kid like that costs a bundle.
Maybe Dad got tired of knocking himself out
for a kid who didn't know better.
Put 'em all out of their misery.
How's a guy that's so broke
afford a $1500 handgun?
Mind if I take a look around, Jack?
We already did. The kid's not here.
Does that mean you mind?
Hey, be my guest.
Thanks.
By the way, Lomax called.
He said it's important.
Yeah, I bet. Got a phone on you?
— What do you know?
— Thanks.
Be sure I get it back.
— ART: How are ya?
— Good.
(PHONE BEEPING)
(PHONE DISCONNECTING)
(BEEPING)
(SIMON IMITATING BEEPING)
(PHONE BEEPING)
Howya doin', champ?
You okay in there?
Come on.
You can come on out now.
Nobody's gonna hurt you.
(GRUNTS)
I'm not gonna hurt ya.
Okay?
Come on.
(SCREAMING)
ART: No, no, no, no!
Simon! All right.
Quiet! Quiet!
(SIMON WHIMPERING)
Call Concordia. Get an ambulance over here.
Have some badges waiting for us
when we get there.
— For what?
— I want this kid protected.
How am I gonna justify the overtime?
Since when you worry about overtime, Jack?
ART: The coroner says murder-suicide,
they can go.
Anybody asks about the overtime,
put it on Lomax's Gold Card.
(SIREN WAILING)
(SCREAMING)
Straps are just makin' him worse.
They're for his own safety.
— ART: Unstrap him.
— They're for his own safety.
All right. Simon, we're gonna unstrap you.
Take it easy. Simon, just calm down.
All right?
(MUMBLING) Mommy! Daddy! Mommy! Daddy!
(SIREN WAILING)
Tell him to turn that off.
Turn the siren off!
(MUMBLING)
ART: Simon, ho. Hey!
Now look. Who's this? Is that your mommy
right there? Is that your mommy?
SIMON: Mommy! Mommy!
ART: Right there?
Yes, that's right. Your mommy. That's her.
Is that your daddy?
— Daddy.
— Right.
«Do not touch. It may be hot. "
That's very good advice.
Is that your teacher? Dr. London?
She's your friend, right?
My name is Art. I'm your friend, too.
Art is a stranger!
(SCREAMING)
Okay, strap him in.
I won't hurt you.
(SCREAMING)
Hi. Are you the doctor?
No, I'm the nurse.
Is a doctor gonna see this boy?
I took care of him.
Is that the best you could do for him,
just give him a shot?
He's autistic.
Autistic?
Uh-huh.
What does that mean?
Nothing gets through?
No, it's just the opposite.
Everything gets through.
He has trouble with feelings and emotions.
So he gets very frightened and confused.
Wait.
I'm not gonna be able to question this boy?
Probably not. Sorry.
(WHISPERING) Take care of him.
LEO: Why are we doing this, Dean?
Why does he want to see us way out there?
We didn't do anything wrong, right?
Should I turn around?
No, he'd kill us.
He might kill us anyway.
— Are you being serious?
— Relax, Leo, please.
LEO: Okay, I'm scared.
I'm gettin' really, really scared.
Leo, stop it. We're doing this together.
We didn't break any laws.
No matter what he says or does,
we're gonna do the right thing. So just relax.
(BARKING)
Jesus!
Okay. Can we go home now, please?
Yeah, all right.
(BARKING CONTINUES)
(WHISTLES)
It's him.
Let's just get this over with.
Okay.
(DOG WHIMPERING)
This changes everything.
KUDROW: Now somebody else knows.
LEO: Oh, God.
What happened to the boy?
He's alive.
He's being held in a lockdown unit
in a Chicago hospital.
Why don't we tell somebody?
Because we are somebody, Leo.
We're the ones
that are ultimately responsible for this.
There isn't anybody to tell.
So I want you to keep the puzzle line open
24 hours a day.
And I want you two
to do your goddamn fuckin' jobs!
(DOG BARKING)
Quiet!
Maybe I'm goin' about this the wrong way.
My wife says my people skills
are like my cooking skills.
Quick and tasteless.
But in the end, it's about saving lives.
Isn't that the point?
Yes?
Yes.
I know a man named Rasheed Halabi,
born in Paramus, New Jersey.
Valedictorian of his high school class,
worked his way through MIT.
Right now he's a colonel
in Saddam's Republican Guard.
We put him there.
It's him this code is protecting.
There are thousands of other men and women
just like him
whose identities are protected by this code.
We can save their lives.
I give you my pledge.
I want you to give me yours.
Diligence, loyalty and above all,
absolute silence.
DAVID LETTERMAN:
This is kind of an interesting story.
The television program  60 Minutes
right here on CBS…
(LETTERMAN CHATTERING ON TV)
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
I've changed tires doin' 86.
You know what I'm sayin'?
(SINGING) Long ways from home
Can't sleep at night
Grab your telephone
'cause something just ain't right
It's evil
Evil is goin' on
Well, I'm warnin' you, girl
You better watch your happy home
Long ways from home
Can't sleep at all
'Cause another…
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
Where is everyone?
Where's the police? Where's the guard
that was sitting right here?
They were called off half an hour ago.
Told they weren't needed.
Take me to see Simon Lynch right now.
Unlock that door.
We just transferred him to pediatrics.
Where's that?
Room 1106. Up those stairs one flight.
— Who authorized the transfer?
— His parents.
I could understand.
They didn't want their little kid on…
Can I help you?
Hi. I'm with the FBI.
I'm lookin' for Simon Lynch.
Do you know where he is?
He suffered a minor head injury.
Nothing serious.
We had to take him down to X-ray.
Where is the X-ray room?
Radiology. Seventh floor.
Great. Thanks.
No problem.
(SCREAMING)
(SHUSHING)
Ow!
(SCREAMING)
(WHIMPERING)
Here we go. Here we go.
Simon, get in the elevator.
— Hi. Yeah.
— A little crowded, huh?
NURSE: Just made it, Doctor.
You must be new.
Welcome to Concordia.
Thank you. You're very kind.
SIMON: Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
One.
Thanks for the ride.
Good night.
Wait!
NURSE: What's going on?
(SCREAMING)
Get up in that seat.
Move it!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SIREN WAILING)
(SIREN SWITCHING ON AND OFF)
All right, leave it off. Leave it off.
Come on, Simon. We don't need
any more attention right now.
(SIREN WAILING)
(SIMON SHOUTING)
Leave it alone, all right?
Keep off the buttons.
Okay, okay, okay!
Leave the buttons alone, goddamn it!
Please. Please.
(SIRENS SWITCHES OFF)
«One small step for mankind. "
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
Get your head down!
(HORNS HONKING)
SIMON: Mommy! Daddy!
Mommy! Daddy! Mommy! Daddy!
Let's go.
Hang on to the fence. Hang on to the fence.
Hang on to the fence.
Let's go.
(SIMON CRYING)
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
No! No!
Simon! No!
(INAUDIBLE)
(WHISTLE BLOWING)
(SIMON SCREAMING)
Come on. Let's go, Simon.
Come on.
(WHISTLE BLOWING)
«Friends. "
«Mr. Pasquale. Bus driver. "
«Pasqualee. "
«Pasqualee»?
That's his name, «Mr. Pasqualee»?
«Do not talk to strangers. "
Is that why you won't talk to me?
You think I'm a stranger?
Art.
That's me.
I'm your friend.
See? Art is your friend.
No! Art is a stranger!
Okay, Simon. Okay.
— All right. Okay. All right!
— Art is a stranger!
Fine!
(WHISPERING) Art is a stranger.
(GROANING)
(MAN SCREAMING)
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
(GROWLING)
Motherfucker!
(PANTING)
Who are you?
(DOORBELL RINGING)
ART: All right.
I'm sorry, Tommy.
Come on, Simon.
What the hell happened to you?
(DOOR CLOSING)
TOMMY: You kidnapped this kid
from the hospital? Are you crazy?
ART: What are you talking about?
Lomax has been calling me every 15 minutes.
There's a warrant out for your arrest.
I killed a guy on the СТА.
Oh, Christ!
I had to. He was trying to kill us.
How did this happen?
Somebody pulled the cops off the kid
at the hospital.
It's not a murder-suicide.
The mom and dad got in the way.
They're trying to get the kid.
— If he hadn't hidden, they'd have got him, too.
— TOMMY: Stop it! Stop it!
TOMMY: I cannot handle
this paranoid conspiracy crap.
ART: Guess what? It is a conspiracy.
Who pulled the cops off the kid?
Did dead Martin and Jenny say,
«Take my kid out of protective custody»?
Bullshit, Tom, this is real!
I don't give a fuck if it's real.
If I don't call Lomax right now,
I'm an accessory to this.
If you don't get on the phone now,
call Concordia or СТА, you're a dumb cop.
ART: Tell them
to bring a body bag to put the pieces in.
Arthur.
Hi, Dana.
Sorry we woke you up.
— It's good to see you.
— You, too.
It's been too long.
Try not to bleed on my carpet.
His name's Simon.
Hello, Simon.
I bet you're hungry.
I have peanut butter and jelly in the kitchen.
How's that sound?
This is my son, TJ.
TJ, this is Simon.
Hi.
Why don't we go in the kitchen…
TJ, why don't we go in the kitchen
and make something to eat,
and maybe Simon will come with us?
Here you go, Art.
It's still damp, but at least it's clean.
— Thanks, Dana.
— You're welcome.
Simon, I think these will fit you.
TJ: Not my Frank Thomas shirt!
DANA: Remember what
I told you about sharing?
TOMMY: I thought you were done
taking those downers.
Yeah. So?
There's no body on the «L» tracks.
— What?
— No body. No blood.
No casing. Nothing.
Who could've got it cleaned up that fast?
— Give him up.
— What?
The kid. Give him up. Take him back.
Would you give your own kid up?
It's not your kid!
Yeah? Well, right now, he's nobody's kid.
His mom and dad got shot dead
by a real bad guy. Remember?
ART: Let's go, Simon.
Let me get these clothes on him.
I need your car keys.
Let me just walk around the streets
with this kid now? Come on.
— I'm reporting it stolen in the mornin'.
— Thanks.
(SINGING) Daddy is going to sing
Daddy is going to sing
How can you not be tired?
Daddy's not here right now, Simon.
Daddy is going to sing
I told you, your daddy is not here now!
Oh, God. How am I supposed to explain this?
Daddy is going to sing
Just going to close my eyes for a minute.
(SIGHS)
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
(TRAIN RUMBLING)
Damn! Shit!
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid!
Come on, Simon.
Where the hell are you?
Simon? Simon.
Let's go for a ride.
Left.
Left on Kenwood.
Okay.
We are going left.
SIMON: Howard Avenue to J Street.
That's right.
J Street
to West 23rd Street.
You know where we're goin'?
Simon is going home.
Yeah.
Come on, come on.
Mommy, Simon is home.
Simon is home.
Want this?
Very hot.
Sip it slowly.
(PHONE DIALING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Get it, please.
(BEEPS)
MAN ON RECORDING: Congratulations.
You've reached the Puzzle Center.
For solving one of our master puzzles,
you've won a two year subscription
to the magazine of your choice.
Can I please have your name, address
and telephone number?
You are a stranger.
That's him! He's calling from his own house.
We have to call Kudrow.
— What are you doing?
— Is that you, Simon?
DEAN: Simon, is that you?
Let me have the phone.
Who is this? Answer me! Who is this?
Hello?
This is the FBI.
We have this number and we will trace it.
Who is this?
DEAN: No, you won't.
You can't trace this number.
Who is this?
What agency do you work for? Answer me.
Dean, do not tell him who we are.
Please don't tell him my name.
I need some more time, all right?
Don't call this number again.
I'm gonna set up an e-mail address.
Einstein. Check it in the morning.
No, no, don't hang…
(DIAL TONE HUMMING)
(POLICE RADIO CHATTERING)
SIMON: Mommy, Daddy.
Come on, Simon, let's go. Come on.
Mommy, Daddy.
Let's go. Come on.
That's it. Come on.
Dean, please don't do this.
If he did it once, he can do it again.
You think this FBI agent is smart enough
to figure out what you're doing?
He better be,
because that boy's life is at stake.
LEO: This is bad.
It's not fair to me,
because he'll assume I was in on it, too!
I don't think
they can hear you on the moon. Listen.
I don't want to listen to you.
You're scaring me.
If anything happens to me,
you're gonna know who did it.
I expect you to do
what you're supposed to do.
No.
You will. I know it.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
ART: Try CIA.
WOMAN: Nope.
Let's try FBI.
— Good, good.
— Mmm-hmm.
Albert.
Try E equals MC squared all caps.
Mmm-hmm.
I'll give you some privacy.
Thanks.
Hey, partner,
I need your help with something.
It's a puzzle.
Can you help me with a puzzle?
— Puzzle.
— That's right. A puzzle.
It's right over here. Come on.
All right. I'm gonna lift you up now, okay?
Let's put you up on the chair.
Can you read that?
Simon, what does it say?
«Today.
«12: 00.
«The Wrigley Building. "
Good boy.
I'm gonna start to take this personally
if you don't…
Hello? Hello?
ART: Oh!
Oh, I'm sorry, sorry. Are you okay?
I'm fine, really. I'm sorry.
It was my fault.
I should've watched where I was going.
No, I shouldn't have had it there.
The way my day's going,
I'm lucky you didn't trip and sue me.
What do you got in there,
plumbing supplies?
Look, this is gonna sound crazy,
but I have a little problem
and I was wondering
if you could help me out.
You see that little boy sitting over there?
Do you think you could watch him
for a couple of minutes?
You didn't just accidentally
trip over the case, did you?
He's autistic.
And I'm his Big Brother.
Not his real big brother, you know?
Big Brothers of America.
It's going really well,
but I need to get a prescription filled for him.
Normally I'd take him with me,
but I don't like to disturb him
when he's sitting so calmly.
You don't have to do anything.
Just sit here and be your lovely self.
Please.
Okay, yeah. What's his name?
Simon.
— You sure this is okay?
— Yeah.
If I can handle a district manager,
I can handle anyone.
Thank you. I will be right back.
Oh!
— What's your name?
— Stacey.
Stacey…
Sebring.
Stacey, thank you so much.
I'll be right back. I promise.
Would have done it without the flattery.
Hey, Simon.
(REGGAE MUSIC PLAYING)
Just keep walking. Keep walking.
— Jeffries?
— Just keep walking.
I wasn't sure you'd be here.
Simon's read the code twice.
That's really incredible.
— Also very dangerous.
— Who do you work for? The CIA?
No.
The Defense Department?
I'm afraid you're not that lucky.
I think the FBI likes
to call us «No Such Agency. "
Why does the NSA
want a nine-year-old autistic boy?
DEAN: Because the human brain
is still a mystery.
What?
The Reagan administration
mandated the National Security Agency
to generate a new code
to protect American informants
working for foreign governments.
We developed a super code at huge expense.
Named it Mercury.
We thought it was impenetrable.
You're telling me a nine-year old kid
cracked a government super code?
It doesn't matter. He can read it.
He might even be able to recreate it.
That's why his life is in danger.
NSA is willing to have this boy killed
to protect a code?
We have already tried.
I think my division chief
may have given orders…
I'm a cryptographer, a nerd.
I don't know what these people do.
Maybe it's routine killing kids,
or maybe my boss is an aberration…
(SILENCER GUN FIRES)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Call an ambulance! Get an ambulance!
Move it! Move it!
Get out of the way!
Move it!
Excuse me.
Watch out! Watch out!
Get out of the way!
Move it! Goddamn it, move!
Move!
Move it!
Get out of the way!
Look out! Look out!
Move! Get out of the way!
Get down! Get down!
(CHATTERING)
Goddamn it.
(POLICE RADIO CHATTERING)
Excuse me. FBI.
Where's your security office?
— Through the door to the right.
— Thank you.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(DOOR BUZZES)
Hi. Special Agent Jeffries with the FBI.
— Can I help you?
— I hope so.
Where's the tape for this camera?
Here it is.
No, look, it's my ass if you take that.
Then don't tell anyone.
Thank you.
Damn it.
Excuse me, excuse me, please. Excuse me.
Whoa!
Hey! Come on. We gotta go.
— Sorry.
— What happened?
He almost got away. You didn't tell me
I have to watch him every second.
Sorry. I shouldn't have left the coffee shop.
No! No!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SIMON SCREAMING)
All right, all right.
Don't scream, don't scream. All right.
Oh, my God.
He doesn't see things like other people do.
Where did you just go?
Rob a bank or something?
I gotta get him out of here. Let's go, Simon.
Thank you, Stacey.
Thanks for all your help. Come on.
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
— My dad will kill for this. How much?
— $100.
Get real. Hey!
Have you ever thought,
what are we gonna collect when we get old?
Plaid shirts and Kramer dolls?
What's the matter?
Dean is dead. He's been shot.
What?
He wanted to go to Chicago.
I said, «Don't go. "
He wanted me to go with him and help him.
Someone shot him? Who would shoot him?
I can't tell you.
Leo, I want to help you,
but you have to let me in.
Tell me what's going on.
He'll find out.
Who? You mean Kudrow?
I don't have the capabilities
to e-mail over his head.
I can't use the phone
because everything gets recorded.
Everything is connected to everything.
There is nothing I can do.
Low-tech rules.
(TAPPING ON DOOR)
(DOOR BUZZES)
Congratulations.
As of this morning, you made it
to the very top of our own perp board.
I don't have to tell you
how profoundly pissed Lomax is.
He's keeping a lid on it to cover his ass,
but you don't have much time.
Yeah. Did you find out who the shooter is?
Whatever happened to, «Good morning.
«How are you? Sorry about your car.
«It got impounded.
You won't be able to get it for two weeks. "
Did you get in trouble?
No. I told them you stole it.
Found him in the Defense Department
data banks.
His name is Peter Burrell, Special Forces.
So, let's bring him in.
Can't. Unless you want to dig him up.
He's dead.
He's listed as killed in Beirut in 1982.
You still think I'm paranoid?
I don't know, man. Who knows?
But if you are, then I guess I'm paranoid, too.
We're in over our heads.
— We can't fuck with the NSA.
— So?
We find somebody to talk to about this.
Lomax? He's a Company man.
The NSA could've gotten to him, too.
Fine. I'll go above Lomax.
I don't want you to do anything else.
You got a wife and kid to take care of.
Go do that. Really.
All right. Then, what are you gonna do?
I don't know.
Why are you doing this, Art?
That kid isn't your responsibility.
Whose responsibility is he?
Look at him.
He looks like a regular kid, right?
One little circuit gets crossed. Zap.
He should've been smart, go to college,
meet a girl, get married,
have some kids, be cool.
Are we talking about him, Art,
or are we talking about you?
Thanks for getting this together for me.
Be careful.
Yeah.
(DOOR CLOSING)
Jesus! Who the fuck are you?
Oh.
Please. Please.
(GUN FIRES)
(DOORBELL BUZZING)
(BUZZING CONTINUES)
Okay! Oh. You. What do you want?
(SIGHS)
It's 2: 00 in the morning,
and you don't know me this well.
Please. I need to talk to you.
Stop it. You're gonna wake up my neighbors.
Oh, man.
We need a place to stay.
How'd you get this address?
I looked it up.
No, it's not listed.
The name of your company was on the side
of your sample case. I called them.
Right. Call my company,
ask 'em for my address, they give it to you?
Nope.
Please. Stacey.
I'm an FBI agent.
Yeah. I bought one of those
for my little brother, $5.
I saw you hiding from the police today.
I'll give them a call.
Listen.
I really am an FBI agent.
Please help us.
Hello, Simon.
Hello.
Please.
Move your foot.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Would it be stupid
to ask why you don't call the FBI for help?
The FBI's looking for me, too.
Oh, great.
So, how does this work? You murder me now
or you wait till I'm asleep?
ART: Simon needs to get a little sleep.
He's been up for a long time,
and you seemed like a nice person.
Come on, Simon.
I'll show you where your bed is.
Come on.
Are you thirsty?
He gets the guest room. You get the couch.
There's food in there.
The bathroom.
You can wash up after yourself.
STACEY: Let's take this off.
That's good.
Now lie down.
Okay?
Let's take these off, all right?
One. Two.
Okay.
That's good.
You okay?
Good night, Simon.
Look,
I have to be up in a few hours.
I have to fly to Des Moines in the morning.
If I don't make a sale there tomorrow,
then I don't pay my rent.
So, unless there's anything else you need,
I'd like to get some sleep now.
No, there's nothing else. Thank you.
I promise you we'll be out of here
first thing in the morning.
(BICYCLE BELL RINGING)
Leo, you won't believe the morning…
Did I leave my…
Leo?
(GASPS)
Oh, my God.
Tom, there's a woman downstairs
asking to see Art Jeffries.
Bring her up.
She won't talk to anyone except Art.
— Do me a favor.
— I haven't logged it in yet.
Good.
(TAPPING ON DOOR)
(GUN COCKING)
(DOOR BUZZES)
Howya doin', man?
— Anybody else with you?
— No.
This is Emily Lang.
Emily, why don't you have a seat? Go ahead.
Are you Art Jeffries?
Yeah, I'm Art Jeffries.
My boyfriend's last will and testament.
I worked with him at NSA.
The other voice on the line.
His name was Leo.
He was gonna mail one letter to you.
The other was addressed
to the Senate Oversight Committee.
The letters are gone. This is all that's left.
«It has come to my attention
«that my section director
and immediate superior, Nicholas Kudrow,
«was directly involved
in the deaths of Martin and Jenny Lynch,
«the parents of Simon Lynch,
«and the death of Dean Crandell,
my colleague and friend… "
They killed Leo, too,
right after he wrote that letter.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for coming down, Emily.
I'm sorry about Leo.
You said you were gonna be out
before I went to Des Moines
where hopefully I was gonna
sell enough shoes to make the rent.
Only I didn't go to Des Moines
and I didn't make the rent
because you had an emergency.
It was an emergency.
Maybe you're one of those guys
that has constant emergencies.
Everything has to be about excitement.
There are guys like that.
Yes, I know,
but I don't happen to be one of them.
Listen to me. Look at me!
This is not about me.
It's about that little boy.
And he needs some help.
As far as I can tell,
you are a decent, caring person.
I promise you we will be out of your life
as soon as possible. Okay?
Look, if for some reason
there is an emergency…
Oh, you mean a different emergency.
Yes, a different emergency.
Do not call the police, okay?
You call this guy. He's with the FBI.
I call the FBI, not the police?
Right. The police can't protect Simon.
Right.
Look.
Simon is only in danger
if they know where he is.
They don't know where he is,
so he's not in danger,
so you're not in danger. All right?
Right. Unless there's an emergency.
(CHUCKLES)
It's good to see you're keeping
your sense of humor about this.
Yeah.
I promise you I will be back in this apartment
at 2: 00 tomorrow afternoon.
And I don't know how yet,
but I will make this up to you.
Okay?
Thank you.
Take care.
I don't know if it qualifies as a plan.
I'm gonna fly there and show him Leo's letter.
Here's the bad news.
You gotta get Simon into
the Witness Protection Program right away.
Art, I'm not even supposed
to be talking to you.
How do you expect me
to authorize a move like that?
Lie, cheat. I don't give a shit.
You don't do it, that kid's as good as dead.
Has it occurred to you that
maybe Kudrow would shoot you on sight?
Yeah, that has occurred to me.
If that happens,
you know what to do with these.
Hope I see you later.
Sandy.
So glad you could make it.
Heard Ted had back surgery.
Did you have anything to do with that?
(LAUGHING)
Excuse me.
Can I help you?
Nick, my good friend.
I want you to know that
your Mercury thing is a goddamn triumph.
— I mean that.
— I appreciate that, Senator.
A feather in your cap.
The Oversight Committee
is singing your praises.
You're getting a reputation
as the «can do» guy.
Thank you. I do appreciate that.
— There's a guy outside.
— Who?
Says he's with the Bureau.
Would you excuse me one moment, please?
If he wasn't Bureau,
I wouldn't have bothered you.
I would've lost him, but I didn't know, sir.
No, Ted, you used good judgment.
I'd like to see him.
He's not very presentable.
Bring him in the back way.
Take him to the wine cellar. I'll be down.
Nick, I can't believe you look so good
for someone so old!
How do you do that?
Drugs, my dear. Massive doses of drugs.
KUDROW: Please don't handle the wine,
Mr. Jeffries.
Yes, I've read your file.
A deeply troubled FBI agent
with a lousy record
kidnaps a nine-year-old boy.
Nice goin'.
You come to my home in the middle
of a social function carrying a gun
to confront me
with this fabricated unsigned accusation
allegedly written by Leo Pedranski
who was killed the day before yesterday
by you, for all I know.
What do you want from me?
I'd like to get back to my guests.
Unsigned accusation
was typed on carbon paper.
Who uses that anymore?
The late Leo Pedranski's fingerprints
were all over it.
The Pomerello's a little corky.
I'm sure the Senate Oversight Committee
won't have any problem
connecting you to the murder.
But you haven't given the carbon
to the Senate Oversight Committee.
If you had, you wouldn't be here right now.
You've got your precious carbon
tucked away
guaranteeing your safety, etcetera, etcetera
so you can come here and demand what?
Untold millions in unmarked bills?
I asked you not to handle the wine, please.
(LAUGHING)
You know, it's good to see you
got your priorities in order.
That's better.
You're not worried
about murdering a nine-year-old boy,
but you're worried about this fucking wine?
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Here's the deal.
I don't give the Senate Oversight Committee
the carbon.
They don't waste three years with
their investigation, wailing and moaning,
«How could this happen in America?»
while you have one of your spooks
whack Simon Lynch.
Or?
Or you do the only thing
that'll guarantee Simon Lynch his safety.
You or one of your superiors
or the president of the United States,
I don't give a fuck who,
but someone is gonna go
on national television and tell America
that your billion dollar uncrackable code
has been cracked by
a nine-year-old autistic boy.
Then you get your carbon back.
You know what I think, Mr. Jeffries?
I think you've seen too many of those
four-wheel drive commercials on TV.
(LAUGHING)
The ones where you get to drive fast
and be a renegade.
Let's talk about the real world
where you're not some wonderful
lone wolf hero, but you're part of a team.
And you play your position
because that's what America is.
It's one big team.
This might be difficult for you to grasp,
but I am a patriot.
And a patriot is one
who makes the right moral choice.
Sometimes it takes a strong man
to make that choice.
One boy who cannot survive on his own,
one of nature's mistakes,
weighed against the lives
of thousands of our people.
Think about it. You worked undercover.
How many of our agents will be put
in harm's way if this code is compromised?
Members of your team.
Men like Rasheed Halabi,
an Iraqi-American and a great patriot.
A man, who as we speak,
is undercover in Saddam's Republican Guard.
A man who has not seen his family…
(GROANING)
That's for Simon's parents, you piece of shit.
(COUGHING)
You got 36 hours.
Should be enough time to get
your undercover people out of harm's way.
Oh, by the way.
Happy birthday, Nick.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
ART: Hey, it's me.
Yeah. You all right?
Yeah, I'm all right. How'd it go
with the witness protection thing?
TOMMY: Everything's set.
Tomorrow night, 8: 15,
US marshals are gonna meet us
with a chopper
at the heliport on top of the GEX building.
I took your advice. I lied.
ART: All right. Good. See you then. Bye.
(PHONE DISCONNECTING)
That was recorded on passive VOX
at Agent Jordan's residence at 11: 58 p. m.
As to the pickup, since we can assume
the boy will not be alone,
I suggest we wait
until we get him on the chopper.
CHARACTER ON TV:
I saw them do this in the movies.
(PHONE RINGING)
How are you, laddie boy?
(WATER RUNNING)
Oh, damn!
Simon, turn it down, please!
Hello?
(TV CHATTERING)
(DIAL TONE HUMMING)
How much I owe you?
$20, sir.
Here. Thanks a lot.
Stacey?
Shit!
— Hello?
— Tommy, where are they now?
Relax. Simon and the girl are fine.
I talked to 'em.
She said she got spooked. Someone called.
When she picked up the phone
the line was dead.
Yeah, it was me.
I was calling from the airplane.
Told 'em when and where
Witness Protection is gonna pick 'em up?
Absolutely.
She's gonna meet us there. Everything's set.
Listen, I gotta go.
LOMAX: Agent Jordan.
Lieutenant Colonel Kudrow of the NSA.
What am I looking at here, Tommy?
You forged documents to obtain
witness protection under false pretenses.
Don't listen to anything this guy tells you.
This guy is dangerous.
Tommy, sit down, and don't speak.
Agent Jordan,
regardless of what you think of me,
I only want to resolve this situation
to rescue a young boy
from a delusional kidnapper.
We will proceed with the pickup as planned.
As of this moment, the FBI will stand down
and the NSA will take over from here.
Gentlemen.
(DOOR CLOSING)
Chief, take a look at this.
— I'm not taking a look.
— You have to look at this!
Leo Pedranski worked for Kudrow.
He wrote that letter.
He was also killed after he wrote it.
I ran it through the lab and the fingerprints
on it are an exact match for his.
SIMON: Up.
That's where we're goin', Simon.
Come on.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
STACEY: Is that you, Art?
I'm a United States marshal
with the Witness Protection Program.
How do you do?
Good.
You must be Simon.
PETER: Chopper on approach, sir.
Why don't you come with me, son?
No!
He doesn't like to be touched by strangers.
I'll take him.
Come on, Simon. Let's go see the helicopter.
I thought Art was supposed to meet us here.
There's been a change in plans.
But I want to assure you that your country
owes you the greatest debt of gratitude.
PETER: Chopper coming in!
Don't have much time!
For the safety of the boy, you should
go home now and forget you were here.
Okay, Simon,
you're gonna go for a ride in the helicopter.
Goodbye, Simon.
You can go with him.
Tommy.
LOMAX: They're on the helipad,
and the chopper's coming in.
You have a green light. Go, go, go, go!
— It's a go. Let's move.
— Go, go!
Hold them back!
(GROANING)
Stay down! Stay down!
No! No!
(GUNS FIRING)
No!
(GRUNTING)
(GUNS FIRING)
No! No! Simon!
(GUN FIRES)
ART: Let me go. Come on!
ART: No! No! No, Simon, no!
(GASPS)
Get up. Get up, get up.
That's right.
Tommy, no! Hold 'em back!
TOMMY: Hold your fire! Keep 'em back now!
(SIMON SCREAMING)
Where's the team leader?
Right here, Agent Jeffries.
It's Kudrow's piece.
I got a nine-millimeter on the sidewalk.
I'll take care of it.
TEACHER: Let's see what you got.
I want you to say «bug. "
GIRL: Bug.
— Can you look at me?
— Mmm-hmm.
— Bug.
That's very good. I like that very much.
Can I help you?
I'm Art Jeffries, a friend of Simon Lynch.
Yes, I know.
His foster parents told me all about you.
How's he doing?
He's fine.
He's adjusted very well.
Do you want to say hello?
He probably wouldn't remember me.
I was told
not to expect too much.
I brought him some puzzles.
He likes puzzles.
Do you think
you could give these to him, please?
Sure, but I think it would be better for Simon
if you did.
It's okay. Come on.
Thank you.
Hey, Simon.
How you doin', partner?
I brought you some new puzzles.
You might like those.
Hey, Simon, look at me.
Look at me, Simon.
Look in my eyes.
It's me, Art.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org